 
 
 
 
1/2 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
INTELLIGENT COMMUNICATION AUTOMATION 
Quadient Achieves Leader Position in 2023 SPARK MatrixTM for 
Customer Communications Management  
▪ 
The Quadrant Knowledge Solutions SPARK Matrix™ provides competitive analysis and 
ranking of leading Customer Communication Management vendors 
 
▪ 
Quadient, with its comprehensive technology and customer experience management, 
received strong ratings across the parameters of technology excellence and customer 
impact 
Paris, April 17, 2023  
Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT), a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through 
digital and physical channels, announced today that it has been named by Quadrant Knowledge Solutions as a 
2023 technology leader in the SPARK Matrix™: Customer Communication Management, 2023.  
The Quadrant Knowledge Solutions’ SPARK Matrix: Customer Communication Management (CCM) market 
research report includes a detailed global market analysis of major CCM vendors. The research comprises the 
features and functionalities of different CCM solutions, including Quadient Inspire Flex and Inspire Evolve, as well 
as competitive differentiating factors. Key differentiators of Quadient Inspire include customer engagement and 
experience capabilities, hybrid deployment options, the capability to simplify and automate communication 
processes, single screen preview capability and integrations of CCM to customer experience (CX) initiatives via 
customer journey mapping technology, according to the report.  
“Quadient’s customer communication management platform provides a complete end-to-end solution, from 
design to delivery and tracking to archiving content, data, and history,” said Prakhar Bansal, analyst, at Quadrant 
Knowledge Solutions. “Additionally, the platform provides a single architecture for all cloud, on-prem, hybrid, 
hosted and other deployment options. Quadient is capable of catering to diverse customer needs across industry 
verticals, with its comprehensive capabilities, compelling customer references, comprehensive roadmap and 
vision, and product suite with high scalability. Quadient has received strong ratings across technology excellence 
and customer impact and has been positioned as a leader in the SPARK Matrix: Customer Communication 
Management, 2023.” 
Chris Hartigan, chief solution officer, Intelligent Communication Automation, at Quadient, said, “Quadrant 
Knowledge Solutions defines CCM as a platform that includes an integrated suite of solutions to create, manage, 
deliver, store, and retrieve inbound and outbound communications to ensure a consistent and personalized 
customer experience across different communication channels and touchpoints. Our integrated offer enables 
organizations to perform strategic communication planning and track performances to minimize communication 
risks and proactively make informed communication decisions in alignment with business needs, improving the 
overall customer experience.” 
Quadient Inspire is part of Quadient’s Intelligent Communication Automation platform that empowers 
organizations to respond to market, regulatory and customer experience changes, transforming their 
communication flows to offer elevated experiences through multiple channels. To download a complimentary 
copy of the 2023 SPARK Matrix report on CCM, visit https://www.quadient.com/en/resources/quadient-
positions-leader-spark-matrix-customer-communication-management-2023.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
2/2 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
INTELLIGENT COMMUNICATION AUTOMATION 
About Quadient® 
Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three 
key solution areas, Intelligent Communication Automation, Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions, 
Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of 
thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant, personalized connections and achieve 
customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the 
CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. 
 
For more information about Quadient, visit www.quadient.com. 
About Quadrant Knowledge Solutions 
Quadrant Knowledge Solutions is a global advisory and consulting firm focused on helping clients in achieving 
business transformation goals with Strategic Business and Growth advisory services. At Quadrant Knowledge 
Solutions, our vision is to become an integral part of our client’s business as a strategic knowledge partner. Our 
research and consulting deliverables are designed to provide comprehensive information and strategic insights 
for helping clients formulate growth strategies to survive and thrive in ever-changing business environments. 
For more available research, please visit https://quadrant-solutions.com/market-research/. 
Contacts  
Joe Scolaro, Quadient  
  
 
Sandy Armstrong, Sterling Kilgore  
Global Press Relations Manager  
 
Director of Media & Communications 
+1 203-301-3673 
 
+1-630-699-8979 
j.scolaro@quadient.com   
 
sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.com  
 
Quadrant Knowledge Solutions 
Riya Mehar 
rmehar@quadrant-solutions.com  
 
