 
 
 
 
 
www.nicox.com 
 
Press Release  
Additional Future Royalty Revenue Stream for Nicox 
from 
2024 
following 
New 
Drug 
Application 
Submission for ZERVIATE in China 
• 
Nicox’s partner, Ocumension Therapeutics, submits a New Drug Application for ZERVIATE 
in China 
• 
ZERVIATE® approval and launch expected in China in 2024 
• 
Additional future royalty revenue stream for Nicox with Ocumension forecasting potential 
annual net sales of >$100 million within 7 years 
April 14, 2023 – release at 7:30 am CET  
Sophia Antipolis, France 
Nicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124, COX), an international ophthalmology company, today 
announced that its exclusive Chinese partner, Ocumension Therapeutics, has submitted a New Drug 
Application (NDA) for approval to commercialize ZERVIATE® (cetirizine ophthalmic solution), 0.24%, in 
China, for ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.  The approval process is expected to take 
around 12 months, leading to a potential launch of ZERVIATE in China in 2024.  Ocumension plans to 
manufacture ZERVIATE in their new state-of-the-art purpose-built manufacturing facility located in 
Suzhou, China. 
“Ocumension is a strong partner for Nicox, and we are pleased to see the submission of this New Drug 
Application, following the completion of an additional Chinese Phase 3 trial carried out by Ocumension.  
Alongside a broad portfolio of ophthalmology assets in development, Ocumension has also built a 
commercial operation in China, which will be able to add ZERVIATE directly into their detailing activities 
upon approval.” said Gavin Spencer, Chief Business Officer of Nicox.  “The approval and launch of 
ZERVIATE in 2024 would add another royalty revenue stream to Nicox, on potential annual net sales 
which Ocumension forecasts will be over $100 million within 7 years in China.  We look forward to 
Ocumension also expanding the availability of ZERVIATE to the other Southeast Asian markets they have 
rights to.” 
“Having built our development pipeline, Ocumension is now seeing the fruits of that pipeline as products 
arrive at commercialization.  ZERVIATE is the first of these to come from our valuable collaboration with 
Nicox, and we look forward to following this with NCX 470 in glaucoma.” said Liu Ye, Chief Executive 
Officer of Ocumension Therapeutics. 
ZERVIATE is the first and only eye drop formulation of the antihistamine cetirizine, the active ingredient 
in ZYRTEC®, and is currently commercialized in the U.S. for ocular itching associated with allergic 
conjunctivitis.  The prescription market for allergic conjunctivitis products in China is expected to grow to 
almost $500 million by 2030. 
The ZERVIATE NDA in China is supported by the data package licensed by Nicox to Ocumension and 
an additional Chinese Phase 3 clinical trial of ZERVIATE run by Ocumension.  ZERVIATE was compared 
to emedastine difumarate ophthalmic solution, 0.05%, an antihistamine marketed under the brand name 
EMADINE®.  ZERVIATE was found to be non-inferior to emedastine difumarate in the primary efficacy 
endpoint of change from baseline in the itching score in the 24 hours prior to the Day 14 visit.  ZERVIATE 
was safe and well-tolerated with no difference in the proportion of patients with adverse events compared 
to emedastine difumarate. 
 
 
 
 
 
www.nicox.com 
 
ZERVIATE is exclusively licensed to Ocumension Therapeutics for development and commercialization 
in the Chinese and the majority of the Southeast Asian markets.  All costs of commercialization are borne 
by Ocumension and Nicox may potentially receive sales milestones of up to US$17.2 million together with 
royalties of between 5% and 9% of net sales of ZERVIATE by Ocumension.   
Ocumension’s Press Release can be found here. 
About Nicox 
Nicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular 
health.  Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470, a novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost, for lowering intraocular 
pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.  The company is also conducting research on NCX 1728, a 
nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor, in retinal conditions.  NCX 4251, a novel, patented, ophthalmic suspension of 
fluticasone propionate nanocrystals for topical ocular application for dry eye disease, is being developed by Ocumension 
Therapeutics in China under an exclusive license agreement and is available for partnering elsewhere.  Nicox generates revenue 
from VYZULTA® in glaucoma, licensed exclusively worldwide to Bausch + Lomb, and ZERVIATE® in allergic conjunctivitis, licensed 
in multiple geographies, including to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals, LLC (a wholly owned subsidiary of Santen Pharmaceutical Co., 
Ltd.), in the U.S. and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets.    
Nicox, headquartered in Sophia Antipolis, France, is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartment C: Mid Caps; Ticker symbol: COX) and 
is part of the CAC Healthcare, CAC Pharma & Bio and Next 150 indexes. 
For more information on Nicox, its products or pipeline, please visit: www.nicox.com. 
Analyst coverage 
Bryan, Garnier & Co  
Eric Yoo 
Paris, France 
Edison Investment Research 
Pooya Hemami 
London, UK 
H.C. Wainwright & Co 
Yi Chen 
New York, U.S. 
Kepler Cheuvreux 
Arsene Guekam 
Paris, France 
 
The views expressed by analysts in their coverage of Nicox are those of the author and do not reflect the views of Nicox. Additionally, 
the information contained in their reports may not be correct or current.  Nicox disavows any obligation to correct or to update the 
information contained in analyst reports. 
Contacts 
 
 
Nicox 
Gavin Spencer 
Executive Vice President, Chief Business Officer 
& Head of Corporate Development   
T +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00 
communications@nicox.com  
 
 
 
Forward-Looking Statements 
The information contained in this document may be modified without prior notice.  This information includes forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance.  These statements are based on current 
expectations or beliefs of the management of Nicox S.A. and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.  Nicox S.A. and its affiliates, directors, 
officers, employees, advisers or agents, do not undertake, nor do they have any obligation, to provide updates or to revise any 
forward-looking statements. 
Risks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in the 3rd chapter of the ‘Document 
d’enregistrement universel, rapport financier annuel et rapport de gestion 2021’ filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers 
(AMF) on April 29, 2022 whose first amendment has been filed with the AMF on May 19, 2022,  in the 2nd chapter of the second 
amendment filed with the AMF on November 22, 2022 and in the 2nd chapter of the Securities noted filed with the AMF on November 
22, 2022 which are available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com) 
Nicox S.A. 
Drakkar 2 
Bât D, 2405 route des Dolines 
06560 Valbonne, France 
 
 
 
 
 
www.nicox.com 
 
T +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00 
F +33 (0)4 97 24 53 99 
 
