 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 3 
 PRESS RELEASE 
April 18, 2023 
IFC, the private sector arm of the World Bank Group, signs mandate to 
arrange financing for the Dwangwa power plant which will combine solar 
and storage in Malawi 
Voltalia (Euronext Paris, ISIN code: FR0011995588), an international player in renewable 
energies, and IFC (International Finance Corporation), the private sector arm of the World 
Bank Group, have signed a mandate to arrange financing for the Dwangwa project in 
Malawi (55 megawatts of solar power and 10 megawatts of storage). Under the mandate 
that was signed, IFC will carry out a due diligence and explore the possibility of funding 
the project.    
The signing took place during a visit by IFC Managing Director, Mr. Makhtar Diop, to Voltalia's headquarters in 
Paris in February 2023. The meeting was an opportunity to review the joint projects of IFC and Voltalia and to 
discuss the prospects for further collaboration around renewable energy development in the countries where 
IFC operates. 
The Dwangwa project combines a 55 megawatt solar power plant with a 10 megawatt battery storage unit. The 
electricity will be sold through a 20-year long-term sales contract with the state-owned Electricity Supply 
Corporation of Malawi Ltd, the state owned power transmission and distribution company. 
The innovative project will have a particularly important positive impact on local development: it represents 
almost 10% of the installed capacity in the country, where less than 15% of the population has a connection to 
the electricity grid.  
" We are very grateful to IFC for supporting us once again. This project is strategic for Malawi and illustrative of 
the region where access to electricity is particularly difficult. We are proud to deliver on our local development 
mission with infrastructure that also improves the global environment ", says Sébastien Clerc, CEO of Voltalia. 
Next on the agenda: Revenues Q1 2023, on April 26, 2023 (after market close) 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 3 
 PRESS RELEASE 
April 18, 2023 
 
 
Signature of the mandate between Mr Makhtar Diop, IFC Managing Director, and Sébastien Clerc, CEO of 
Voltalia at Voltalia's headquarters 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 3 
 PRESS RELEASE 
April 18, 2023 
About IFC 
IFC - a member of the World Bank Group - is the largest global development institution focused on the private sector in emerging 
markets. We work in more than 100 countries, using our capital, expertise, and influence to create markets and opportunities in 
developing countries.  
In fiscal year 2022, IFC committed a record $32.8 billion to private companies and financial institutions in developing countries, 
leveraging the power of the private sector to end extreme poverty and boost shared prosperity as economies grapple with the impacts 
of global compounding crises.  
 
   For more information, visit www.ifc.org 
 
About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) 
Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind, 
solar, hydraulic, biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under 
construction of 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 14.2 GW.   
Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases, from design to 
operation and maintenance.    
As a pioneer in the corporate market, Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies, ranging from the supply of green 
electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.  
The Group has more than 1,550 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of 
its clients.  
Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris, compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the SBF 120, 
the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index, an index for socially responsible 
midcaps. 
Loan Duong, Head of Communications & Investor relations 
Email: invest@voltalia.com 
T. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00  
Actifin 
Press Contact: Loris Daougabel 
Email: ldaougabel@actifin.fr  T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11 
 
