 
www.alstom.com 
Alstom to supply new trams for the Strasbourg Eurometropole  
  
• 
The Eurometropole of Strasbourg and the Compagnie des Transports 
Strasbourgeois (CTS) have chosen Alstom for the acquisition of new 
generation trams. 
• 
The framework agreement awarded to Alstom is for 8 years and a maximum 
amount of € 250 million1 which includes a minimum order of 22 trams. 
• 
These Citadis trams will reduce energy consumption by at least 20% compared 
to the current rolling stock.  
  
 
19 April 2023 – Alstom has been chosen by the Eurometropole of Strasbourg and CTS to supply the 
new trams for the Strasbourg network. The first order will include 12 Citadis trams, with 10 additional 
trams to follow in a second phase. Other additional trams may be ordered during the 8 years of the 
framework agreement in order to meet the needs of the Eurometropole’s transport offer. The first 
deliveries will take place in March 2025 and the trains will enter service at the end of the same year.  
 
“Alstom is very proud to supply the Eurometropole’s new trams and to participate in the development 
of a greener and more innovative urban transport network. These new energy-efficient trams will also 
provide greater comfort for passengers. We would like to thank the Eurometropole of Strasbourg and 
the CTS for their renewed confidence in our latest generation Citadis tram solutions,” said Jean-Baptiste 
Eyméoud, President of Alstom France.  
 
A focus on innovations for the well-being of travellers 
With a length of 45 metres and a width of 2.40 m, the new Citadis trams have 8 double doors of 1.30 m 
per side, including at each end, to make it easier for passengers to get on and off. They have a capacity 
of 286 passengers and are equipped with glass-panelled doors to enhance the feeling of comfort and 
safety for passengers. 
In compliance with the PMR (Persons with Reduced Mobility) legislation, the trams are equipped with 
door opening buttons at the correct height, wider seats and areas reserved for wheelchair users and 
pushchairs.  
For a comfortable and safe journey, the trams are air-conditioned and equipped with a dynamic 
passenger information system as well as a video protection system. The trains are cross-border in 
nature and will be approved in accordance with BOStrab, the German federal regulation on the 
construction and operation of trams in Germany.  
 
Energy-efficient and environmentally friendly trams 
At the same time as providing an increased level of service and comfort for passengers, these Citadis 
trams will reduce energy consumption by at least 20% compared to the current equipment, thanks to 
new motorisation, efficient management of climatic comfort and 100% LED lighting. These trams are 
eco-designed, 95% recyclable and 99% reusable. 
 
1 The firm tranche of the order will be booked during the 1st quarter of FY 23-24 for an amount inferior to € 100 million 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
www.alstom.com 
 
Trams with optimum availability 
These new Citadis trams will also reduce maintenance operations by 30% during their 30 years of 
commercial operation. Maintenance requirements have already been taken into account with a reduced 
number of spare part references, improved accessibility of components and sensors distributed 
throughout the tram to allow for remote diagnosis of the equipment – thus anticipating and optimising 
periods of downtime and offering optimum availability for commercial service. 
 
The contribution of French sites to the Strasbourg tram contract 
Nine Alstom sites in France are involved in the manufacturing of these Citadis trams: 
• 
La Rochelle, for design and assembly, 
• 
Le Creusot, for the bogies, 
• 
Ornans, for the engines, 
• 
Villeurbanne, for on-board electronics and cyber security, 
• 
Aix-en-Provence, for the tachometric units, 
• 
Sens, Gennevilliers and Saint-Florentin, for brake discs and linings, 
• 
and Saint-Ouen, for design. 
 
To date, more than 3,000 vehicles from the Citadis range have been sold by Alstom in 70 cities in 20 
countries around the world (including 23 cities in France). Citadis trams have covered over 1 billion 
kilometres and transported 10 billion passengers since the first tram entered service in 2000. 
 
Alstom™ and Citadis™ are protected trademarks of the Alstom Group. 
 
 
www.alstom.com 
 
About 
Alstom 
Leading societies to a low carbon future, Alstom develops and markets mobility solutions that provide sustainable foundations for 
the future of transportation. From high-speed trains, metros, monorails, trams, to turnkey systems, services, infrastructure, 
signalling and digital mobility, Alstom offers its diverse customers the broadest portfolio in the industry. 150,000 vehicles in 
commercial service worldwide attest to the company’s proven expertise in project management, innovation, design and 
technology. In 2022, the company was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices, World and Europe, for the 12th 
consecutive time. Headquartered in France and present in 70 countries, Alstom employs more than 74,000 people. The Group 
posted revenues of €15.5 billion for the fiscal year ending on 31 March 2022. 
Its 12,500 or so employees in France have the knowledge to serve French and international customers. Around 30,000 jobs are 
generated in France by its 4,500 French suppliers. 
Log onto www.alstom.com for more information.  
Contacts 
Press: 
Arnaud ZEISSER - Tel. : +33 (0)6 69 46 10 90  
arnaud.zeisser@alstomgroup.com  
Philippe MOLITOR – Tel. + 33 (0)7 76 00 97 79 
philippe.molitor@alstomgroup.com 
Investor Relations: 
Martin VAUJOUR – Tel.: +33 (0) 6 88 40 17 57 
martin.vaujour@alstomgroup.com 
Estelle MATURELL ANDINO – Tel.: +33 (0) 6 71 37 47 56 
estelle.maturell@alstomgroup.com 
