 
 
 
 
 
Regulated information: Filing of the 2022 Universal registration document 
 
Paris, April 21, 2023 – Believe (Ticker: BLV, ISIN: FR0014003FE9), one of the leading digital music companies, 
announces that it registered its 2022 Universal Registration Document (Document d’enregistrement 
universel) in European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers 
(AMF).  
The 2022 Universal Registration Document is made available to the public free of charge under the 
conditions provided for by the regulations in force. The French version of the Universal Registration 
Document is available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of Believe at 
the following address: (www.believe.com/investors). It can also be sent by e-mail upon request sent to 
investors@believe.com. 
The English translation will be available on the Company's website on April 26, 2023.  
The 2022 Universal Registration Document includes: 
▪ 
The 2022 financial report, including Believe’s corporate accounts and the Group's consolidated 
financial statements. 
▪ 
The report of the Board of Directors on Corporate Governance. 
▪ 
The Statutory Auditors' reports including Information on the fees paid during the 2022 financial 
year to the statutory auditors. 
▪ 
The social and environmental information, with the taxonomy, is included in the Declaration of 
Extra-Financial Performance. 
▪ 
Information related to the description of the share buyback program. 
 
 
About Believe 
Believe is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent 
artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each 
stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world 
leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels, distribute and promote their 
music. Its 1,650 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a 
unique digital expertise, respect, fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a 
portfolio of brands including Believe, TuneCore, Nuclear Blast, Naïve, Groove Attack, AllPoints, Ishtar and 
Byond. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV, ISIN: 
FR0014003FE9). www.believe.com 
 
Investor Relations 
Emilie MEGEL 
investors@believe.com 
Direct line: +33 1 53093391 
Cell: +33 6 0709986 
