 
 
1 sur 1 
 
 
Publication of the 2022 Universal Registration Document  
 
 
Paris-La Défense, 18 April 2023, 5.35 p.m. (CEST) – Today, Assystem S.A. (ISIN: FR0000074148 – ASY) filed the 
original French version of its Universal Registration Document for the 2022 financial year with the Autorité des 
Marchés Financiers (the French securities regulator). The English-language version of the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document will be available at the beginning of May.  
 
The Universal Registration Document is available to the public free of charge in accordance with the applicable 
regulations 
and 
may 
be 
viewed 
and 
downloaded 
on 
Assystem’s 
website 
(https://www.assystem.com/fr/investisseurs/) and on the website of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. 
 
Assystem’s 2022 Universal Registration Document notably includes the following information: 
• 
the 2022 annual financial report; 
• 
the Statutory Auditors’ reports and information about their fees; 
• 
the management report, including the non-financial performance statement and the corporate 
governance report; and 
• 
a description of the Company’s share buyback programme. 
 
The Universal Registration Document also includes the draft resolutions that will be submitted to the Company’s 
shareholders at the Annual General Meeting on 5 June 2023, in which in particular the Board of Directors is seeking 
the shareholders’ approval to: 
- 
award, free of consideration, shares to employees and/or executive officers of the Group (representing up 
to 10% of the Company’s share capital); and/or 
- 
award stock options to employees and/or executive officers of the Group (representing up to 10% of the 
Company’s share capital). 
 
These awards form part of a plan that Assystem is currently drawing up and structuring aimed at retaining the 
Group’s key personnel over the coming years in order to partner its business growth.  
 
 
ABOUT ASSYSTEM 
 
As one of the world’s leading independent nuclear engineering companies, Assystem’s main mission is to help accelerate energy 
transition. In the 12 countries where the Group operates, the skills of its 6,500 experts are being put to the service of developing 
the production and use of carbon-free electricity (nuclear and renewables) as well as green hydrogen.  
 
With over 55 years’ experience in highly regulated sectors subject to stringent safety and security constraints, the Group provides 
engineering and digital services and solutions to optimise the cost and performance of its clients’ complex infrastructure assets 
throughout their life cycles. 
 
To find out more visit www.assystem.com / Follow Assystem on Twitter: @Assystem  
 
CONTACTS  
 
Malène Korvin – Chief Financial Officer - mkorvin@assystem.com - Tel.: +33 (0)1 41 25 29 00 
 
Anne-Charlotte Dagorn – Communications Director - acdagorn@assystem.com - Tel.: +33 (0)6 83 03 70 29  
 
Agnès Villeret - Komodo – Investor relations - agnes.villeret@agence-komodo.com - Tel: +33 (0)6 83 28 04 15 
 
