/
1 2
Sanofi completes acquisition of Provention Bio, Inc.
Paris, April 27 2023. Sanofi announced today the completion of its acquisition of Provention 
Bio, Inc. (“Provention Bio”). The acquisition adds TZIELD (teplizumab-mzwv), an innovative, 
fully owned, first-in-class therapy in type 1 diabetes to Sanofi’s core asset portfolio in General 
Medicines and further drives its strategic shift toward products with a differentiated profile. 
Olivier Charmeil
Executive Vice President, General Medicines, Sanofi 
“We are excited to finalize our acquisition of Provention Bio, Inc. This strategic fit for Sanofi lies at the 
intersection of our growth in immune-mediated diseases and disease-modifying therapies in areas of 
high unmet need.” 
On November 17, 2022 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved TZIELD injection to 
delay the onset of stage 3 type 1 diabetes in adults and pediatric patients 8 years and older 
who currently have stage 2 type 1 diabetes.
The tender offer for all of the outstanding shares of Provention Bio common stock expired at 
one minute after 11:59 P.M., Eastern Time, on Wednesday, April 26, 2023. The minimum 
tender condition and all of the other conditions to the offer have been satisfied and on April 27, 
2023, Sanofi accepted for payment and will promptly pay for all shares validly tendered and 
not validly withdrawn.
Following its acceptance of the tendered shares, Sanofi completed its acquisition of Provention 
Bio through the merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of Sanofi with and into Provention Bio, 
pursuant to Section 251(h) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, with 
Provention Bio continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming an indirect, wholly owned 
subsidiary of Sanofi.
In connection with the merger, all Provention Bio shares not validly tendered in the tender 
offer have been converted into the right to receive the same $25.00 per share in cash, without 
interest thereon and net of any applicable withholding taxes, that would have been paid had 
such shares been validly tendered in the tender offer.
As of April 27, 2023, Provention Bio common stock will cease to be traded on the NASDAQ 
Global Select Stock Market.
PJT Partners acted as exclusive financial advisor to Sanofi and Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP 
acted as its legal counsel. BofA Securities, Inc. and Centerview Partners LLC acted as financial 
advisors to Provention Bio and Ropes & Gray LLP acted as its legal counsel.
About Sanofi 
We are an innovative global healthcare company, driven by one purpose: we chase the 
miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team, across some 100 countries, is 
dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the 
possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine 
protection to millions of people globally, while putting sustainability and social responsibility at 
the center of our ambitions. 
Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY
Media Relations
Sandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.com
Evan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.com 
Press Release
/
2 2
Nicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.com
Victor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.com
Investor Relations
Eva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.com 
Arnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.com 
Corentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.com  
Felix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.com 
Tarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.com  
Nathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.com
Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These 
statements may include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product, or regarding potential 
future revenues from the product, and their underlying assumptions, statements regarding plans, objectives, intentions and 
expectations with respect to future financial results, events, operations, services, product development and potential, and statements 
regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”, “anticipates”, “believes”, 
“will be”, “intends”, “estimates”, “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected 
in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are 
subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi, that could 
cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forwardlooking 
information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things, unexpected regulatory actions or delays, or 
government regulation generally, that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product, the fact that product may not 
be commercially successful and other risks associated with executing business combination transactions, such as the risk that the 
businesses will not be integrated successfully, that such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected or 
that the expected benefits of the acquisition will not be realized, as well as other risks related to Sanofi’s business, including the 
uncertainties inherent in research and development, including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the 
product, including post marketing, unexpected safety, quality or manufacturing issues, competition in general, risks associated with 
intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation, and volatile economic and market 
conditions, and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us, our customers, suppliers, vendors, and other 
business partners, and the financial condition of any one of them, as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. 
The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by 
Sanofi, including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s 
annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2022. Other than as required by applicable law, Sanofi does not 
undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.
