Press release 
              
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
CNOVA N.V. – Reaction to Casino Group’s Press Release 
 
Amsterdam – April 24, 2023, 18:15 CEST – Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” 
or the “Company”) and its Board of Directors took note of the press release issued on the date hereof by its 
controlling shareholder, Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A. ( “Casino”), in which it is mentioned that Casino is 
launching the: “solicitation of consents from certain creditors and bondholders of the Casino Group regarding 
the possibility of initiating conciliation proceedings to guide upcoming discussions with creditors in connection 
with EP Global Commerce a.s.’ proposal on the one hand and the continuation of the Project TERACT on the 
other hand”1. 
  
As part of the solicitation of consents launched by Casino, Cdiscount, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
Company, will seek the consent from the lenders in respect of the State Guaranteed Loan (Prêt Garanti par 
l’Etat) entered into on July 30, 2020.  
The Company confirms that no decision to request the appointment of conciliators for itself and/or any of 
its subsidiaries, including Cdiscount, has been taken at this stage and that it remains in full compliance with 
its financial commitments. The Company will continue to monitor developments concerning Casino. 
  
1: https://www.groupe-casino.fr/en/announcements/ - “Solicitation of consents from certain creditors and 
bondholders of the Casino Group regarding the possibility of initiating conciliation proceedings to guide 
upcoming discussions with creditors in connection with EP Global Commerce a.s.’ proposal on the one hand 
and the continuation of the Project TERACT on the other hand” 
  
*** 
About Cnova N.V. 
Cnova N.V., the French ecommerce leader, serves 8.1 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website, 
Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its B2C clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced 
goods, fast and customer-convenient delivery options, practical and innovative payment solutions as well as 
travel, entertainment and domestic energy services. Cnova N.V. also serves B2B clients internationally through 
Octopia (Marketplace-as-a-Service solutions), Cdiscount Advertising (advertising services for sellers and 
brands) and C-logistics (end-to-end logistic ecommerce solution).  Cnova N.V. is part of Groupe Casino, a global 
diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on, or 
accessible through, the sites referenced above is not part of this press release. 
This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the 
Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available 
pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only. 
 
*** 
 
Cnova Investor Relations Contact: 
investor@cnovagroup.com 
Tel : +33 6 79 74 30 94 
Media contact: 
directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.com  
Tel: +33 6 18 33 17 86 
cdiscount@vae-solis.com 
Tel: +33 6 17 76 79 71 
