 
Press release 
Paris, 25 April 2023 
 
  
Bruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of the 
Orange group   
 
Bruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of Orange and member of 
the Group's Executive Committee from 1 June 2023. He will replace Michaël Trabbia who 
was appointed Executive Director and CEO of Orange Wholesale as of April 3. Bruno Zerbib 
was previously Chief Technology and Digital Officer of Schneider Electric. 
 
Christel Heydemann, Chief Executive Officer of Orange, commented: “I am delighted to 
welcome Bruno Zerbib to the Group’s executive management team as director of 
innovation. As new technologies such as artificial intelligence and network function 
virtualization become increasingly prevalent, we must strive to remain at the forefront of 
these new developments to stay ahead in our various markets and before our customers. I 
would also like to sincerely thank Michaël Trabbia for his tenure as head of innovation.” 
 
Bruno Zerbib is a graduate of TélécomSud Paris and the University of Paris Cité where he 
specialized in IT. He began his career in 1998 in Silicon Valley where he held several 
positions at Hewlett Packard and then at Cisco. He moved to Yahoo in 2012 where he led 
the company's transformation into a cloud-native platform capable of handling over one 
billion monthly users. 
 
In 2017, Bruno Zerbib joined Altice as Director of Technology and IT. He worked as part of 
Altice’s Global Engineering Innovation division on key topics such as augmented TV 
experience, technology partnerships and network transformation for all of Altice 
subsidiaries. In 2018, he joined Schneider Electric as Director of Technology and Digital to 
provide more efficient, sustainable technological solutions to Schneider Electric customers, 
in particular by integrating the use of the cloud, artificial intelligence and industrial IoT. 
 
About Orange 
Orange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 136,000 
employees worldwide at 31 December 2022, including 75,000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 
287 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2022, including 242 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband 
customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication 
services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023, the Group presented its strategic 
plan "Lead the Future", built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. "Lead the Future" 
capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality. 
Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN). 
For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com, www.orange-business.com and the Orange News 
app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr. 
Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand 
Services Limited. 
 
Press contacts:  
Sylvain Bruno; sylvain.bruno@orange.com; +33 6 86 17 88 89 
Tom Wright; tom.wright@orange.com; +33 6 78 91 35 11 
 
