 
www.alstom.com 
Alstom to supply 34 Citadis trams and maintenance for Quebec City, 
Canada 
  
• 
A contract1 to provide 34 Citadis trams and maintenance for 30 years with a total 
value of around €900 million (CA$1.34 billion). 
• 
A tram that will be adapted to the specific requirements of Quebec City, especially 
winter conditions. 
• 
A mobility solution developed in Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville and assembled in 
La Pocatière, Quebec. 
 
  
25 April 2023 – Alstom, global leader in smart and sustainable mobility, has been awarded a 
contract by Quebec City for the supply of 34 Citadis trams for the city’s tramway project. The 
contract, with a total value of around €900 million (CA$1.34 billion), includes the design and 
supply of the rolling stock and maintenance for a period of 30 years. The contract also includes 
an option for a maximum of five trains, including maintenance. 
 
Quebec City will benefit from a proven and reliable mobility solution developed and assembled 
in Quebec. The trams will be developed by Alstom engineers based in Saint-Bruno-de-
Montarville –Alstom’s headquarters in the Americas located on the south shore of Montreal– 
and will be assembled at its La Pocatière plant in the Bas-Saint-Laurent region. The trams will 
be adapted to the climatic and topographical conditions of Quebec City. Comfortable, modern 
and spacious, the trains will be 100% electric and will run on a 19-kilometre long line that will 
form the backbone of an improved public transit network for Quebec City. The tramway will 
offer an attractive transportation alternative to alleviate road congestion, reduce the impact of 
mobility on the environment and air quality, improve the quality of life for residents and further 
enhance the attractiveness of Quebec City. 
 
“We are very proud to have been chosen by the City of Quebec to supply and maintain the 
trams for this signature mobility project for the Capitale-Nationale region,” said Michael 
Keroullé, President of Alstom in the Americas. We are honoured by the trust placed in us by 
the administration and elected representatives of Quebec City, and are committed to working 
in partnership with the City to offer a high quality and reliable product, a solution designed and 
assembled by our teams in Quebec, serving Quebec.” 
 
Alstom’s Citadis product range is the reference for modern low-floor tram solutions. It is at the 
heart of many urban renewal projects around the world, offering an improved passenger 
experience, driver ergonomics and low energy consumption and optimized life cycle costs. To 
 
1 Booking is expected in the second half of FY2023/24.  
PRESS RELEASE 
 
www.alstom.com 
date, more than 3,000 Citadis trams have been sold to 70 cities in 20 countries around the 
world, including Canada. 
 
As the leader in rail services, Alstom delivers added value to customers every day, ensuring 
fleets run safely, reliably, and efficiently. With over 16,000 Services employees and 258 sites 
around the world, the Group has strong expertise and the largest global footprint, spanning 
over 40 countries. Alstom’s extensive services portfolio covers the whole asset lifecycle, 
addressing the various needs of customers, with maintenance teams servicing over 35,500 
vehicles worldwide. With smart and green mobility leadership, Alstom offers innovative digital 
solutions for maintenance optimisation and high-performing fleets, as well as green re-
tractioning solutions to support customers with emission reduction objectives. 
 
With 1,800 employees spread across three main sites, Alstom is the only player in the rail 
mobility sector with expertise contributing across the value chain, from design to engineering, 
assembly to validation, and from operations to maintenance, in Quebec. The company is fully 
committed to expanding its local operations and offering its customers the most innovative and 
sustainable mobility solutions. The Quebec City tramway is fully in line with this approach. The 
Alstom team is proud to establish a long-term partnership with the City of Quebec. 
 
 
Alstom and Citadis are protected trademarks of the Alstom Group 
 
 
www.alstom.com 
 
About 
Alstom 
Leading societies to a low carbon future, Alstom develops and markets mobility solutions that provide sustainable foundations for the 
future of transportation. From high-speed trains, metros, monorails, trams, to turnkey systems, services, infrastructure, signalling 
and digital mobility, Alstom offers its diverse customers the broadest portfolio in the industry. 150,000 vehicles in commercial service 
worldwide attest to the company’s proven expertise in project management, innovation, design and technology. In 2022, the company 
was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices, World and Europe, for the 12th consecutive time. Headquartered in France and 
present in 70 countries, Alstom employs more than 74,000 people. The Group posted revenues of €15.5 billion for the fiscal year 
ending on 31 March 2022.   
Log onto www.alstom.com for more information.  
Contacts 
Press: 
Raphaëlle de LAFFOREST (HQ) – Tel.: +33 (0) 6 63 38 39 49 
raphaelle.poumeau-de-lafforest@alstomgroup.com 
Michelle Stein (AMERICAS) – Tel.:  +1 917 972 3490 
michelle.stein@alstomgroup.com  
Investor Relations: 
Martin VAUJOUR – Tel.: +33 (0) 6 88 40 17 57 
martin.vaujour@alstomgroup.com 
Estelle MATURELL ANDINO – Tél.: +33 (0) 6 71 37 47 56 
estelle.maturell@alstomgroup.com 
