  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A  F r e n c h  c o r p o r a t i o n  w i t h  s h a r e  c a p i t a l  o f  E U R  1 , 0 1 0 , 2 6 1 , 2 0 6 . 2 5  –  5 5 2  1 2 0  2 2 2  R C S  P a r i s  
2 9  b o u l e v a r d  H a u s s m a n n ,  F - 7 5 0 0 9  P a r i s  
AVAILABILITY OR CONSULTATION OF THE INFORMATION 
RELATING TO THE COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF 
SHAREHOLDERS DATED 23 MAY 2023  
 
 
Press release  
Paris, 18 April 2023 
 
 
The Combined General Meeting of shareholders will be held on 23 May 2023, at 4 pm, at the Maison de 
la Mutualité - 24 rue Saint-Victor - 75005 Paris. 
 
The notice of meeting and the convening notice relating to this Meeting were respectively published in 
the Bulletins des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) dated 10 March and 17 April 2023. 
 
These notices, the convening brochure as well as the documents and information mentioned in Article 
R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code intended to be presented to the Meeting are now (regarding 
the information mentioned in Article R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code) or will be made 
available to the shareholders on Societe Generale’s website at the following address:  
https://www.societegenerale.com/en/societe-generale-group/governance/annual-general-meeting. 
 
The documents to be made available to the shareholders as part of this Meeting, may be consulted by 
the shareholders, in accordance with the conditions provided by the applicable regulations, at the 
administrative office of Société Générale, 17 cours Valmy - 92972 La Défense Cedex (France), by sending 
a request by email to the electronic address General.meeting@socgen.com. 
 
 
Press contacts :  
Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.com  
Fanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.com 
 
 
Societe Generale 
 
Societe Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking 
model, the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. 
Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies, Societe Generale and its teams seek to 
build, day after day, together with its clients, a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial 
solutions. 
 
Active in the real economy for over 150 years, with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world, Societe 
Generale has over 117,000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients, 
businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial 
solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses: 
 
French Retail Banking with the SG bank, resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord 
networks, and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge 
of digital innovation; 
 
International Retail Banking, Insurance and Financial Services, with networks in Africa, Central and Eastern Europe 
and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;  
 
Global Banking and Investor Solutions, which offers recognised expertise, key international locations and integrated 
solutions. 
 
Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe), FTSE4Good (Global and 
Europe), Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index, Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index, Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone), 
STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes, and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).  
In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release, please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page 
where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to 
check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.  
 
For more information, you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com. 
