 
GENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée, 59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com        1 
PRESS RELEASE 
GENFIT Announces Publication of Extra-Financial Performance 
Report 2022 
 
Lille (France); Cambridge, (Massachusetts, United States); Zurich (Switzerland); April 27, 2023 
- GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT), a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to 
improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases, today announced the 
publication of its Extra-Financial Performance Report 2022. 
 
GENFIT’s Extra-Financial Performance Report in its second edition 
Since 2022, GENFIT has been publishing a detailed annual report in response to the increasing 
interest from institutional investors, individual investors, financial and Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) analysts, current employees and potential candidates, GENFIT’s strategic and 
industrial partners and public institutions. The Company is also preparing for the application of 
new legal requirements in both Europe and the US rendering the disclosure of non-financial 
reporting mandatory.1 The 2022 report is available on the Company website. 
GENFIT’s commitment to CSR 
 
Our commitment is driven, above all, from our determination to act as a socially responsible 
company. 
 
As a biopharmaceutical company, this commitment goes beyond our core activity whose purpose 
it is to respond to the societal need of developing innovative, effective and safe therapeutic 
solutions for patients suffering from rare and severe liver diseases with a high unmet medical 
need. This is aligned with the third Sustainable Development Goal of the United Nations. 
 
GENFIT believes that there is a correlation between its long-term financial performance and its 
extra-financial performance in that the societal impact of its research and development programs, 
as well as the social impact of its activity, its rigorous governance practices (particularly in relation 
to the demands of the relevant health authorities and financial market regulators) and its low 
environmental footprint can create meaningful long-term value for patients, healthcare systems, 
employees and shareholders. 
 
1 The Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive in Europe and, in the US The Securities and Exchange 
Commission published a proposal in 2022 for non-financial reporting to become mandatory for listed 
companies including Foreign Private Issuers  
 
GENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée, 59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com        2 
PRESS RELEASE 
Pascal Prigent, Chief Executive Officer of GENFIT, commented: “GENFIT has always been sensitive 
to CSR matters. It makes good ethical sense. Set up in 2021 within the Board of Directors, the ESG 
Committee ensures that an annual CSR roadmap defines a progress trajectory centered around clear 
initiatives: implementation of policies, actions and performance indicators in relation to material issues. 
Since 2021, Jean-Christophe Marcoux, Chief Corporate Affairs Officer and member of the Executive 
Committee has been overseeing GENFIT’s CSR program.” 
An overview of GENFIT’s CSR in 2022 and prospects for 2023 
 
GENFIT’s CSR actions in 2021, its extra-financial performance progression and its transparent 
communication in 2022 were acknowledged by two independent rating agencies. A bronze medal 
was awarded by Ethifinance (Gaïa report) and a “Prime” status label was granted by ISS. In addition, 
a social impact investment fund categorized under Article 9 of the European Sustainable Financial 
Disclosure Regulation (which obtained the “Relance” label in France and is a candidate for the “ISR” 
label) became shareholder of the company in 2022. 
 
Ever since the Company was created, GENFIT has maintained regular dialogue with its key internal 
and external stakeholders. Such dialogue will be pursued in 2023, through a formal materiality 
assessment. Beyond 2023, such dialogue will enable the Company to regularly reassess its 
objectives and progress. 
 
ABOUT GENFIT 
 
GENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients 
with liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease 
research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than 
two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late 
development and pre-commercialization stages, today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified 
pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions. 
 
Its R&D pipeline covers six therapeutic areas via six programs which explore the potential of 
differentiated mechanisms of action, across a variety of development stages (pre-clinical, Phase 1, 
Phase 2, Phase 3). These diseases are acute on-chronic liver failure (ACLF), hepatic encephalopathy 
(HE), cholangiocarcinoma (CCA), urea cycle disorder (UCD), organic acidemia disorder (OAD) and 
primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapeutics, GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic 
franchise focused on NASH and ACLF.  
 
GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris (France), Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge, MA (USA). 
GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on 
 
GENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée, 59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com        3 
PRESS RELEASE 
compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021, 
IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. 
www.genfit.com 
 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
This press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT, including 
those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, in relation to 
GENFIT’s extra-financial performance and research and development programs. The use of certain 
words, including “consider”, “contemplate”, “think”, “aim”, “expect”, “understand”, “should”, “aspire”, 
“estimate”, “believe”, “wish”, “may”, “could”, “allow”, “seek”, “encourage” or “have confidence” or (as 
the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other 
terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the 
Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the 
Company’s management, these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and 
unknown risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking statements. These risks and 
uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and 
development, including in relation to safety, biomarkers, cost of, progression of, and results from, 
its ongoing and planned clinical trials, review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United 
States, Europe and worldwide, of our drug and diagnostic candidates, exchange rate fluctuations, 
potential synergies related to the acquisition of Versantis, our capacity to integrate its assets, 
develop its programs and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development, as well as 
those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF, 
including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2021 Universal 
Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 29, 2022 under n° D.22-0400, which is available 
on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) 
including the Company’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022 and 
the 2022 Half-Year Business and Financial Report. In addition, even if the Company’s results, 
performance, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which it 
operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements, they may not be predictive of 
results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the 
date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law, the Company does 
not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements, 
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
CONTACT 
 
GENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée, 59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com        4 
PRESS RELEASE 
GENFIT | Investors 
Tel: +33 3 2016 4000 |  investors@genfit.com  
 
PRESS RELATIONS | Media 
Stephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.com 
 
